monkeys = {
    "Monkey 0" : {
        items: [79, 98]
        worry_operation: multiply
        worry_operand: 19 (int or "old")
        tester: 23
        passed_target: Monkey 2
        failed_target: Monkey 3
        }
    }
}

Monkey 0:
  Starting items: 79, 98
  Operation: new = old * 19
  Test: divisible by 23
    If true: throw to monkey 2
    If false: throw to monkey 3

Each monkey has several attributes:

    Starting items lists your worry level for each item the monkey is currently holding in the order they will be inspected.
    Operation shows how your worry level changes as that monkey inspects an item. (An operation like new = old * 5 means that your worry level after the monkey inspected the item is five times whatever your worry level was before inspection.)
    Test shows how the monkey uses your worry level to decide where to throw an item next.
        If true shows what happens with an item if the Test was true.
        If false shows what happens with an item if the Test was false.

After each monkey inspects an item but before it tests your worry level,
your relief that the monkey's inspection didn't damage the item causes your
worry level to be divided by three and rounded down to the nearest integer.

The monkeys take turns inspecting and throwing items. On a single monkey's turn,
it inspects and throws all of the items it is holding one at a time and in the order
listed. Monkey 0 goes first, then monkey 1, and so on until each monkey has had one
turn. The process of each monkey taking a single turn is called a round.

When a monkey throws an item to another monkey, the item goes on the end of the recipient
monkey's list. A monkey that starts a round with no items could end up inspecting and
throwing many items by the time its turn comes around. If a monkey is holding no items at the
start of its turn, its turn ends.

Chasing all of the monkeys at once is impossible; you're going to have to focus on the two most
active monkeys if you want any hope of getting your stuff back. Count the total number of times
each monkey inspects items over 20 rounds:


In the example, the two most active monkeys inspected items 101 and 105 times. The level of monkey business
in this situation can be found by multiplying these together: 10605.

Figure out which monkeys to chase by counting how many items they inspect over 20 rounds.

What is the level of monkey business after 20 rounds of stuff-slinging simian shenanigans?